docs: updated `resource_pool` for standalone hosts (#2264)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: CHANGELOG.md

# <!-- markdownlint-disable first-line-h1 no-inline-html -->

## 2.9.3 (Not Released)

DOCUMENTATION:

> * `resource_pool`: Updates to how to create resource pool on standalone ESXi  hosts.
>   [#2264](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere/pull/2264)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource/vsphere_resource_pool`: Updates to include steps to create resource pool on standalone ESXi hosts.
  [#2264](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere/pull/2264)
```
